Adding additional URL's and extra info. (#2325)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: products/1.1.1.1/src/content/1.1.1.1-for-families/router.md

## Block malware

1. Go to the IP address used to access your router's admin console in your browser.
   * Linksys and Asus routers typically use [http://192.168.1.1](http://192.168.1.1) or [http://router.asus.com](http://router.asus.com) (for ASUS)

>    * Netgear routers typically use [http://192.168.0.1](http://192.168.0.1) or [http://192.168.1.1](http://192.168.1.1) or [http://routerlogin.net](http://routerlogin.net) 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * Netgear routers typically use [http://192.168.1.1](http://192.168.1.1) or [http://routerlogin.net](http://routerlogin.net) 
```

Reviewer: Actually, I couldn't find the `http://192.168.0.1` in Netgear's docs. Could you delete it please?

   * D-Link routers typically use [http://192.168.0.1](http://192.168.0.1)
   * Ubiquiti routers typically use [http://unifi.ubnt.com](http://unifi.ubnt.com)

1. Enter the router credentials. For consumer routers, the default credentials for the admin console are often found under or behind the device.

> 1. In the admin console, find the place where **DNS settings** are set. This may be contained within categories such as **'WAN'** and **'IPv6'** (Asus Routers) or **'Internet'** (Netgear Routers). Consult your router's documentation for details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In the admin console, find the place where **DNS settings** are set. This may be contained within categories such as **WAN** and **IPv6** (Asus Routers) or **Internet** (Netgear Routers). Consult your router's documentation for details.
```

## Block Malware and Adult Content

1. Go to the IP address used to access your router's admin console in your browser.
   * Linksys and Asus routers typically use [http://192.168.1.1](http://192.168.1.1) or [http://router.asus.com](http://router.asus.com) (for ASUS)

>    * Netgear routers typically use [http://192.168.0.1](http://192.168.0.1) or [http://192.168.1.1](http://192.168.1.1) or [http://routerlogin.net](http://routerlogin.net)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * Netgear routers typically use [http://192.168.1.1](http://192.168.1.1) or [http://routerlogin.net](http://routerlogin.net)
```

   * D-Link routers typically use [http://192.168.0.1](http://192.168.0.1)
   * Ubiquiti routers typically use [http://unifi.ubnt.com](http://unifi.ubnt.com)

1. Enter the router credentials. For consumer routers, the default credentials for the admin console are often found under or behind the device.

> 1. In the admin console, find the place where **DNS settings** are set. This may be contained within categories such as **'WAN'** and **'IPv6'** (Asus Routers) or **'Internet'** (Netgear Routers). Consult your router's documentation for details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In the admin console, find the place where **DNS settings** are set. This may be contained within categories such as **WAN** and **IPv6** (Asus Routers) or **Internet** (Netgear Routers). Consult your router's documentation for details.
```
